This is the route taken from [Clint's 4:22:19 run](https://youtu.be/x0dGaK5CfIA). This is the route, not a guide (except for when it is.)

I also have this [OOT Tricks Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yfUGhYAuct9gaNBlBf5OqNwlIlqiWSItr7gWLQ-krHU/edit?usp=sharing) that I've been writing down tricks I've learned while playing Ocarina of Time Randomizer.  I've never personally speedrun this game.

---

## START/ESCAPE
Split on Black screen leaving forest

### Get Sword / Shield
- Exit Link's House
- Get Kokiri Sword
- - Leave crawl space with 13 Rupees
- - Movement from Crawl Space: Flick Stick up (Hold Z) -> Backflip -> Left Sidehop -> Backflip 3x -> Left Sidehop 3x -> Up-B -> Backflip -> Left Sidehop 3x -> Roll to Fence -> Jumpslash onto Bridge get 5 Rupees -> Jump the path stones -> Enter Shop with 35 Rupees -> Grab the blue rupee from behind the shop desk.
- Purchase Shield
- Equip Deku Shield / Kokiri Sword

### Leave Forest
- Go to forest exit
- Push against wall to the right (near the sign)
- Turn 90 degrees to the right
- Press B
- 50% through slash hold Up and R
- Press B
- Press A the same time you would to get ISG.

---

## BOTTLE
Split when you hold Bottle up.

- Get Saria's Ocarina
### Do Chickens
- Get Bottle

---

## SLINGSHOT
Split when you hold Slingshot up.

- Get Bugs
- - Go left of Skulltula house, break rock, get bug.
- Save & Reset

### Go to Deku Tree
- Talk to Mido
- Never talk to Mido again
- Get 1 Stick
- Get Slingshot (don't step on platform)

---

## WRONG WARP
Split when Save and Reset after wrong warp.

- After you jump off platform equip:
- - C-Left : Deku Nuts (5)
- - C-Down : Slingshot (30)
- - C-Right : Deku Sticks (1)

- Shoot the lowest Skulltula and climb up vine.
- Get GS in Compass Room and Leave room.
- Hold Z and Jump down onto web
- - When over the web press C-Down to stop momentum
- - After you touch the web Sidehop Right
- - Shortly after press B to jump attack.  This should put you on the top shelf of basement.
- - Backup Strat : "B1 Skip"

- Twenty Three is Number 1 (MJ on top.)
- Enter Ghoma.
- Use Deku Stick and Jump Attack to start cutscene (we need this Damage later)
- Don't graduate highschool because of migraines.
 
- Get ISG (with sword)
- Z-Target right side of bombable wall turn 180 and hold Z-Target. Hold down-left while holding R.

- When Ghoma tries to attack you, Pause and equip:
- - C-Down : Bottle (with Bugs)

- Backflip while holding down. (This can take a few attempts, small window.)
- After your through the wall press C-Right (Equip Deku Stick)
- Wait for Ghoma to attack and get stuck into ground.
- Deku Nut
- Run against bombable wall and side-hop left Three Times (this has to be timed. If you spam it, you'll miss ghoma's hurt window.)
- Leave Room
- Go back in Room

- Backwalk into Heart Piece
- Empty Bottle
- Get Bugs in Bottle
- 2x Sidehop Right
- Backflip
- Press Bottle then Sword/Stick
- Hold Left
- After FOV goes to plaid press B to exit

"I don't know how the rest of this trick is done, so I'll call em as I see em"
- After a beat use Deku Nut and Hold Z-Target.
- One Sidehop Right
- One Sword Slash
- 4x Sidehop right along entry-way wall
- Open Door 13 seconds after activating Blue Warp.

---

## ZELDA
Split when you talk to Zelda.

- Save & Reset
- Clear Spirit Trial 1st room to get Bombchus in the slug room (hit trigger with sword through wall to spawn chest.)
- Leave and re-enter Hyrule Castle
- Do Guards
- When you enter Zelda's Courtyard Equips :
- - C-Left : Bombchus (20)
- - C-Down : Bottle (Bugs)
- - C-Right : Deku Stick (1)
- Listen to Zelda's Trauma Dump
- - Bonus Points if you make up a story while this happens.

---

## MASTER SWORD
Split when you start Master Sword grab cutscene

- Kill yourself with Bombchu to skip Impa's Cutscene
- Talk to Impa
- Get Guardhouse GS
- Sell Bugs (Rupees: 76)
- DoT Skip
- Grab Sword

---

## LIGHT MEDALLION
Split when you clear the text box saying "You got the Light Medallion"

- Stare at Rauru and wonder why he pierced your ear.

---

## HOVER BOOTS
Split when you hold up Hover Boots.

- Equip
- - C-Left : Bombchus (19)
- - C-Down : Bottle (Empty)
- - C-Right : Ocarina
- Save & Reset
- Talk to Anju (Cucco Lady)
- Get Hylian Shield from Graveyard

- Get ISG
- Clint Slide (hess) -> Grab grass -> Walk on wall to enter Shadow Temple

- Megaflip over gap
- Kill Deadhand
- Get Hoverboots


---

## SONG OF STORMS
Split when "Learned Song of Storms" text pops up.

- Save & Reset
- Get Sun Song
- Get Hookshot
- Void out
- Get Dampe Heart Piece
- After clearing Song of Time stones with Bombchu your equips should be:
- - C-Left : 16 Bombchus
- - C-Down : Hookshot
- - C-Right : Ocarina
- Get Windmill Heart Piece
- Get Song of Storms

---

## BOLERO
Split when you skip cutscene.

---

## DC
Split when you start DC intro cutscene.

---

## KING D
Split when you land final attack on King Dodongo.

---

## DC WW
Split when FoV goes to Plaid.

---

## REQUIEM
Split first frame Link is shown after cutscene.

---

## FARORE'S WIND
Split first frame Link holds up Farore's Wind.

---

## IRON BOOTS
Split first frame Link holds up Iron Boots.

---

## THE REAL FROG
Split first frame Link holds up The Frog.

---

## BIG SWORD
Split first frame Link holds up Big Gorono Swordo.

---

## FIRE FW 1
Split when setting Farore's Wind.

---

## FIRE FW 2
Split when opening the door to leave the room you warped back to.

---

## FIRE WW
Split on white screen after dying and continuing.

---

## BOW
Split first frame Link holds up Bow.

---

## FOREST WW
Split on white screen after dying and continuing.

---

## FOREST END
Split after playing Serenade of Water.

---

## LONGSHOT
Split first frame Link holds up Longshot.

---

## WATER WW
Split after Farore's Wind prompt disapears.

---

## ALL FIRE GS
Split after playing Minuet of Forest.

---

## NOCTURNE
Split after text box appears saying "Learned Nocture of Shadow."

---

## CHILD 2 START
Split after pressing A to put the Master Sword in pedistal.

---

## FISHING
Split after opening door to leave Fishing.

---

## JABU FW
Split after starting Farore's Wind animation.

---

## BOOMERANG
Split first frame Link holds up Boomerang.

---

## DAMPE
Split after leaving Graveyard.

---

## LENS OF TRUTH
Split first frame Link holds up Lens of Truth.

---

## JABU END
Split after Cutscene when the HUD reappers.

---

## EXPOSE COCK
(Chuck is really good at this one.)
Split after pulling out chicken to wake Talon.

---

## PIKACHU MASK
Split first frame Link holds up 'Pikachu Mask'.

---

## BIG BOMB BAG
Split first frame Link holds up Big Bomb Bag.

---

## SHOW MASK
Split after interacting with the Guard in Kakariko.

---

## SKULL MASK
Split first frame Link holds up 'Skull Mask'.

---

## OCARINA OF TIME
Split first frame Link holds up 'Ocarina of Time'.

---

## LON LONG HP
Split after playing 'Minuet of Forest'.

---

## DEKU STICK UPGRADE
Split first frame Link holds up 'Deku Stick Upgrade'.

---

## FROG SONG
Split after playing the Frog Song Minigame.

---

## SPIRIT TEMPLPE WARP
Split after playing 'Requiem of Spirit'.

---

## BUNNY HOOD
Split first frame Link holds up 'Bunny Hood'.

---

## MASK OF TRUTH
Split first frame Link holds up 'Mask of Truth'.

---

## TREASURE HP
Split first frame Link holds up 'Treasure Minigame - Piece of Heart'.

---

## DEKU NUT UPGRADE
Split first frame Link holds up 'Deku Nut Upgrade'.

---

## DEKU TREE
Split after playing 'Prelude of Light'.

---

## ADULT 2 START
Split after pressing a on Master Sword Pedistal.

---

## MIRROR SHIELD
Split first frame Link holds up 'Mirror Shield'.

---

## SPIRIT BOSS KEY SKIP
Split on Black Screen Fade-out.

---

## SPIRIT END
Split when walking into Blue Warp.

---

## NAYRU'S LOVE
Split first frame Link holds up 'Nayru's Love'.

---

## SHADOW FW 1
Split on Farore's Wind white screen.

---

## SHADOW END
Split after playing 'Serenade of Water'.

---

## FIRE ARROWS
Split after playing 'Prelude of Light'.

---

## HP AFTER EMPONA/POES
Split after buying Heart Piece from Deku Scrub outside Lake Hylia.

---

## GERUDO CARD
Split first frame Link holds up 'Gerudo Card'.

---

## FINAL BOTTLE
Split first frame Link holds up 'Bottle'.

---

## GOLDEN GAUNTLETS
Split first frame Link holds up 'Golden Gauntlets'.

---

## GANONDORF
Split after landing last attack on Ganondorf and the cutscene starts.

---

## COLLAPSE
Split after triggering the last loading zone in collapse sequence.

---

## AMENO
End run when pressing B on Ganon.

---

## Backup Strats
### B1 Skip
- I'll write this later